_docs/intro.adoc, before:

:showtitle:
:page-title: Concept
:page-description: High-level architecture of Payment Processing System (C1)
:imagesdir: /assets/docs

image::Architecture-C1.png[Context Diagram]

The Payment Procesing System (PPS) is an engine and a framework to process payment transactions. 
The engine orchestrates transaction processing steps. 
It’s responsible for: 

* step invocation, 
* retrying attempts in case of step failure, 
* and rolling back the whole transaction. 

== Flow 

The framework enables software developers to implement transaction processing 
steps and compose them into a processing procedure called “Flow.”

1. The PPS engine provides HTTPS API to post payment transactions or get transaction details. 
2. The API is intended for private usage inside the enterprise. 
3. Bank software that needs transaction processing capabilities invokes the PPS engine’s 
API to process the transaction.

Readers familiar with Open Banking can consider the following example: 

1. PPS runs behind the Account Servicing Payment Service Provider (ASPSP) API. 
2. Payment Initiation Services Provider (PISP) negotiates payment consent and payment order with ASPSP API
3. ASPSP sends the payment order to PPS for asynchronous processing.:whole

Commit message:

docs: improve intro
- update intro to represent more information for business people
- add simple PPS flow image

IssueID: none
References: none

_docs/intro.adoc, after:

:showtitle:
:page-title: Concept
:page-description: High-level architecture of Payment Processing System (C1)
:imagesdir: /assets/docs

The Payment Processing System (PPS) is an engine and a framework to 
provide API for Mobile banking and process payment transactions between 
individuals, banks, and organizations.

In this case, the _transaction_ capabilities are one of cornerstones behind system design and 
can represented like this:

* step invocation, 
* retrying attempts in case of step failure, 
* and rolling back the whole transaction. 

image::Architecture-C1.png[Context Diagram]

== Flow 

The framework enables software developers to implement transaction processing 
steps and compose them into a processing procedure called “Flow.”

image::PPS.png[PPS Flow]

1. The PPS engine provides HTTPS API to post payment transactions or get transaction details. 
2. The API is intended for private usage inside the enterprise. 
3. Bank software that needs transaction processing capabilities invokes the PPS engine’s 
API to process the transaction.

Readers familiar with Open Banking can consider the following example: 

1. PPS runs behind the Account Servicing Payment Service Provider (ASPSP) API. 
2. Payment Initiation Services Provider (PISP) negotiates payment consent and payment order with ASPSP API
3. ASPSP sends the payment order to PPS for asynchronous processing.

== Demo

video::NIbQQ7x-uKI[youtube]
